july 1957
an ordinary day in the state of kerala
india
people walk down the streets doing their
business and it begins to rain
suddenly people start to shout and run
away in fear
everything turns into a kind of horror
movie because the raindrops that fall
from the sky
are bright red and this is not a horror
movie
it's all happening for real imagine the
familiar view outside your window
what if you saw it gradually turn red
the clothes of people caught in the rain
would change to pink
now my first thought would be hey i
should have prepared for the apocalypse
but there's a logical explanation for
the red rain
at first scientists believe the
rainwater was painted red
by a meteorite burst but the next study
came up with a different theory
the rain is dyed with spores of algae
carried by the wind
the spores mix with rain clouds and as a
result
we see a beautiful but very frightening
picture
red rain you may be surprised but now
people are used to this phenomenon
the red rain is common for this region
another type of rain that scared the
locals occurred near washington in
oregon
called milky rain because of its white
color
this phenomenon stumped scientists and
even when they analyzed the rain water
they couldn't figure out where it came
from after scratching their heads
they came up with two theories the wind
could bring ash from an active volcano
in russia
mixed with the water it colored the rain
white
or maybe it was caused by dust from a
lake in south central oregon
what other rain colors are there well a
green rain
fell near calcutta in the summer of 2002
it sort of looked like a kind of acid or
dangerous liquid
but this rain was harmless it was
composed of flowers and mango pollen
oh and there was also one not so great
ingredient
bee droppings similar rain occurred in
moscow russia
only this time the pollen was from
birches
now if i went outside and saw it raining
black i'd think the end of the world was
coming
but black rain is harmless too unless
you're the man who just washed his car
black rain is caused by a mix of
volcanic or even cosmic dust in the
water
so now your car is covered in either
dust particles that have been
inside our planet for millions of years
or
dust that's been flying through space
and may be older than our entire solar
system
well you're still going to have to pay
for the car wash though
one day a brown rain fell in southern
russia the locals were very worried and
suspected factories were polluting the
air with harmful substances
but after researching the brown
rainwater it turned out that dust was
again to blame
this time it had traveled a really long
distance all the way from
africa but it's not just
colorful rains that can be scary we've
all dreamed that money would just fall
from the sky
and it actually happened in a russian
city in 1940
more than one thousand silver coins from
a buried treasure
were lifted into the air by a strong
tornado
and then scattered in the small town the
coins date back to the 16th century
now it's hard to calculate the total
value of this treasure
but it was definitely the most expensive
rain in history
hey did i say there's a change in the
weather
as in coins probably better not then
but what if diamonds fell from the sky
instead of coins
it's not a fantasy it's reality just not
on
our planet diamond rain is quite common
on jupiter and saturn
scientists say that large drops could be
half an inch in diameter
that's a pretty big stone for a ring
diamonds form at great height because of
the atmospheric composition and
thunderstorms
but these planets are gas giants so when
the diamonds fall
they reach the hot core of the planet
melt and
evaporate upwards the process starts
again
sometimes rain can consist of oats rye
flowers
and other plants for example in 1869
in the city of otrick france it rained
oak leaves
the locals were extremely surprised as
the weather was quite clear and sunny
but the leaves appeared high in the sky
and fell to the ground for some time
the reason for this was a strong tornado
that took place in the area six days
earlier that ripped the leaves off of
oak trees
for those six days the wind drove the
leaves through the air and raised them
higher and higher
until they fell back to the ground in a
leaf ring
arachnophobia is the second most common
fear in the world
so this rain might scare a huge number
of people
because instead of water spiders fell
from the sky
oh boy now how did the spiders get into
the air
well they have a habit of climbing to
high points
be it a fence or just a tall plant when
they reach the top
they start to release their web this web
is so
light that air currents lift the web and
spider
into the sky they're like spidery
skydivers
possibly scary skydivers if you don't
like spiders
if you're a friend of spiders though
don't worry the spiders aren't injured
in this unusual rain
they land softly and then they go about
their way
looking to scare you around 1982 to 1986
several homes in evans colorado were
covered with
corn one of the locals claimed that at
least a few tons of corn kernels
fell on his yard more strangely there
were no cornfields in the area that
could cause this phenomenon
in 2001 it rained corn husks in kansas
the local news reported that 20 to 30
inches of corn leaves covered the main
streets
of the town of vecita
fruit rain it sounds strange but the
people from a small town in
england complain that apples fell from
the sky for a few minutes
the apples were quite large but nobody
was hurt except for a couple of cars
naturally the locals demanded an
explanation from meteorologists
they agreed that a powerful wind picked
up the apples from a nearby orchard
and then dropped them on the town though
some locals were sure
the apples had fallen from a passing
plank
what about non-food rain in 1969 a very
unusual hail storm hit the florida coast
not only was the hail the size of golf
balls they were
literally golf balls as reported in the
news
dozens and dozens and dozens of golf
balls fell from the sky
such hail can cause serious injuries and
damage but
fortunately no one was hurt this
phenomenon was not a mystery
the area is full of golf courses as well
as strong winds
that could lift the balls up and then
scatter them back to the ground
but it's possible the most beautiful
rain you can see
is a meteor shower despite its name it's
completely harmless
these rains happen very often and you
can see them at a certain point in the
night sky
there are about 112 meteor showers in
total
over the year like the alpha centaurids
meteor shower with a peak of about three
meteors an hour
but the most prolific of these
phenomenon is the orionids meteor shower
it's associated with haley's comet
and usually occurs in october or early
november
in some years meteors may occur at rates
of 50 to 70 per hour
and hey it's not just rain that can be
unusual
snow falls from the sky too and it can
be strange
like watermelon snow you can find it
high in the mountains
and coastal polar areas of our planet
it's a type of cold weather algae that
gives the snow
its pink color finally just remember
not to eat the yellow kind of snow
really